Atlas Edit Proposal — 2026-06-08 (#255)
makerdao/next-gen-atlas: content/A/1/10/2/7/2/document.md

---
id: fcc17c4e-b1cd-4e62-bb2b-0aea02ee72d5
docNo: A.1.10.2.7.2
name: Audit Request And Intake
type: Core
depth: 6
childType: sections_and_primary_docs
---

###### A.1.10.2.7.2 - Audit Request And Intake [Core]

The team responsible for the code to be audited fills in a standardized audit intake form containing, at minimum:

- The scope of the audit, identifying the specific contracts, scripts, or artifacts to be reviewed
- The repository URL and exact commit hash of the code to be audited, which must have been reviewed as specified in [A.1.10.2.7.2.1 - Code Review Requirement](4bead31b-adee-4121-a966-d0e1c31f91e2)
- Any context the auditor needs to understand the purpose and integration of the audited code within the Sky Ecosystem

> Core GovOps compiles the completed intake forms and submits them to the auditor. The audit request must be submitted with sufficient lead time for the auditor to complete the review before the target Spell or deployment date.

Reviewer: Content analysis of amendments regarding logical consistency, systemic loopholes, and linguistics: [Notion](https://sky-proposal-analysis.notion.site/Atlas-Edit-Weekly-Cycle-Proposal-2026-06-15-37ea66bbb6b8802281e5cfa68ee5a1a8).

```suggestion
Core GovOps compiles the completed intake forms and submits them to the auditor. The audit request must be submitted at least 14 days prior to the targeted Spell deployment date to ensure the review is completed.
```
